Update vignettes (#156)
ropenscilabs/tic: vignettes/advantages.Rmd

Luckily, _tic_ takes care of all of this (setting up SSH keys, granting permission for the repo on GitHub and the CI services, creation of a personal Personal Access Token (PAT)).
When calling `use_ci()`, the streamlined preparation process is run.
This is only needed once per repository.

For more information on automatic deployment in _tic_, take a look [here](deployment.html).

## Support for various R projects

*tic* was developed with the aim to not only simplify R package development using CI services but also to support other R project types (bookdown, blogdown, drat, website and figshare deployment). 

Each of these projects has its own standardized structure. 
*tic* detects this structure and adds templates tailored towards this specific project type to the repository when calling `use_tic()`.
See [here](tic.html#example-projects) for a list of supported project types including links to minimal example repositories. 

## CI-Agnostic workflows

What does "CI-Agnostic" mean and why do we need it?

You may know that Travis CI is not the only company offering (free) CI solutions.
Theoretically, R could be run on any CI system.

> Due to historic reasons, some folks from the R community started on Travis implementing an easy way for R package checking.

Reviewer: How does this paragraph contribute to the story told in this section? It's already mentioned in the "Less dependency..." section below.

- You are independent from all the changes that are being made to the R setup for Travis or Appveyor ([more info](advantages.html#less-dependency-on-external-ci-control-commands)).
- A `tic.R` workflow is usually shorter and easier to parse than a `.travis.yml` or `appveyor.yml` file.

> So instead of learning how to specify specific tasks on different CI platforms, you only need to "learn" how to do with R commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So instead of learning how to specify specific tasks on different CI platforms, you only apply R commands which work the same on all CI systems.
```
